Clarify deployment options in Elasticsearch basics quickstart (#1489)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/search/elasticsearch-basics-quickstart.md

# Basics quickstart [getting-started]

This quick start guide is a hands-on introduction to the fundamental concepts of Elasticsearch: [indices, documents, and field type mappings](../../manage-data/data-store/index-basics.md). You’ll learn how to create an index, add data as documents, work with dynamic and explicit mappings, and perform your first basic searches.

> You can follow this guide using any {{es}} deployment. If you already have one up and running, you can skip ahead to the [first step below](#getting-started-index-creation). If you don’t have one yet, see the [requirements](#getting-started-requirements) for setting up a local instance using Docker.

Reviewer: I'd move this into the requirements section :)

## Requirements [getting-started-requirements]

> You can follow this guide using any {{es}} deployment. If you already have one up and running, you can skip ahead to the [first step below](#getting-started-index-creation).
> 
> If not, you’ll need a running {{es}} cluster, along with {{kib}}, to use the Dev Tools API Console. Run the following command in your terminal to set up a [single-node local cluster in Docker](get-started.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow this guide using any {{es}} deployment. If you already have a deployment up and running, you can skip ahead to the [first step below](#getting-started-index-creation).

If not, refer to [choose your deployment type](/deploy-manage/deploy#choosing-your-deployment-type) for your options. To get started quickly, you can spin up a cluster [locally in Docker](get-started.md):
```
